Adapt documentation for webhook registration state transition with new definitions (#228)
AdobeDocs/adobe-io-events: src/pages/common/retry-doc.md

`Adobe I/O Events` changes the state of an event registration based on the below criteria:

- **ACTIVE** - Event registration is marked as active when in the last 24 hours there are less than 10 delivery attempts or at least 20% of them are successful.

> - **DISABLED** - Event registration is marked as disabled when in the last 24 hours there are at least 10 delivery attempts and at less than 20% of them are successful. However, a registration is first moved to an `UNSTABLE` state when the condition is first met while the registration is `ACTIVE`.

Reviewer: Can we stress on unsuccessful deliveries in this description as this state represents failure.
```suggestion
- **DISABLED** - Event registration is marked as disabled when in the last 24 hours there are at least 10 delivery attempts and 80% of them are unsuccessful. However, a registration is first moved to an `UNSTABLE` state when the condition is first met while the registration is `ACTIVE`.
```

Author: sure

> - **UNSTABLE** - Event registration is marked as unstable before switching to `DISABLED` from `ACTIVE`. An `UNSTABLE` registration is a registration that met the requirements for being disabled, but I/O Events waits at least for 24 hours to check again the status and transition the registration to the state as indicated by the metrics in the above definitions (either `ACTIVE` or `DISABLED`).

Reviewer: Should we keep the same order i.e. unstable,disabled and then active as it was earlier in the docs. I say this because the line above these definitions is:
``Adobe I/O Events` changes the state of an event registration based on the below criteria:`
From a reader POV, it would be easier to follow the state transitions as they follow. WDYT?

Author: However, it is difficult to explain the unstable state without defining the disabled and active state first

Author: maybe I can change the wording and say: `Adobe I/O Events determines the state of an event registration based on the below criteria`

Reviewer: Yes let's do that

> - **UNSTABLE** - Event registration is marked as unstable before switching to `DISABLED` from `ACTIVE`. An `UNSTABLE` registration is a registration that met the requirements for being disabled, but I/O Events waits at least for 24 hours to check again the status and transition the registration to the state as indicated by the metrics in the above definitions (either `ACTIVE` or `DISABLED`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **UNSTABLE** - Event registration is marked as unstable before switching to `DISABLED`. An `UNSTABLE` registration is a registration that met the requirements for being disabled, but I/O Events waits at least for 24 hours to check the status again and transition the registration to the state as indicated by the above definitions (either `ACTIVE` or `DISABLED`).
```
